Name: Origins Counselling And Healing
Mobile: 0431 717 600

=>Old:
Professional Online Caring Help With Anxiety, Depression, Weight & Eating Disorders
Get the tools to move forward in the way you want
Get the opportunity to talk about the issues that concern you conveniently whenever and wherever you need to at Hypnotherapy Queensland my online counselling can help you generate solutions to your problems.

Many people suffering from Anxiety, Depression and Relationship Issues cannot get in to see me because of where they live or because of their work situation. More and more, we engage via the web. Why not get help with your issues using the convenience of the web. Skype/Zoom sessions are just as effective as being here in the room with me.

Your journey to overcoming your problem is one you can feel secure in knowing we will be working together to complete it successfully.

-------------------
=> New

are you having difficulty in your life?
Spiritual Counselling Will Help You Get Through It


*Spiritual Counselling

*Emotional HeAling
Hahnemann Healing is a powerful method of dealing with emotions, which often lie behind physical and emotional illness. These emotions occur as a result of negative thoughts and feelings towards events that have happened in a person’s life. This includes the emotions that may preclude people from getting better after a medical procedure.
---


We are dedicated to helping people struggling with issues in their life, and we get them through it with Spiritual Counselling and Healing.







---

When working with me (Peter McMahon) you may find yourself learning to:

Gain Insight Into Your Challenges
Manage Painful And Unhelpful Thoughts And Feelings
Escape The Cycle Of Harmful Habits
Build More Rewarding Relationships
Direct Your Actions Toward Effective Behaviors
Find More Fulfillment In Work And In Life Generally
Move Beyond Your Fears, Defenses, And Insecurities
Reduce Stress

-------------
=> Header:
*Spiritual counselling is a counselling method of assisting people who are having difficulty grappling with issues in their lives. It gives a framework to this in which they are able to understand the origins of their actions and subsequent reactions. It assists in helping people align their values and re-evaluate their feelings & expectations. Ultimately, offering a path though life that provides more confidence, self assurance and a way out of their problems and issues.

*Spiritual counselling is about helping people get to a place in their life where they are able to achieve increased feelings of love, happiness & joy, and to be able to have improved relationships with others.



=>Covid (As It IS ) - Change the call to action


=> Why choose to be treat your issues 
Title: Permanently Resolve Your Issue & Be In Control

*Spiritual Counselling is non-secular. It is direct, honest & caring. By establishing the negative behavioral patterns to their point of origin, we are able to give the issues in your life greater clarity. These stumbling blocks once understood, can be more easily tackled. By assisting you in aligning your values, we can offer a path of choice that enables the you to break free of limiting behavior.
----------

=> Our Services: cards
http://www.carpetcleanersau.com.au/

List:
Emotional Healing
Hahnemann Healing
Spiritual Counselling
Family Counselling
Marriage Counselling
Depression Counselling 
Relationship Counselling
Trauma Counselling 
Anxiety Counselling
Eating Disorder Counselling
Adolescent Counselling
Teen Counselling 

-------------------------------------

=>Why choose us
We are dedicated to helping people struggling with issues in their life, and we get them through it with Spiritual Counselling and Healing.
This method of spiritual counselling is non-sectarian (non-religious), and is for everyone; children, adolescents, young people, adults, couples, families.

It can be highly effective with the following emotional concerns: stress, anxiety, depression, loss and grief, anger, apathy/indifference, fatigue, confusion, need for control, lack of self-understanding, poor self-image/low self-esteem, childhood trauma, sexual assault & substances issues.


Affordable Pricing
We are passionate about helping people. Our focus is to always drive positive change in the lives of all people who seek help for their issues. We believe counselling & healing should accessible to every one. This is why we offer affordably priced services to all our clients.

=> CTA
No matter what you're going through, Spiritual Counselling and Healing will guide you in finding clarity around your emotions and traumas, confidence in dealing with life's problems and relationships, and assist in providing a clearer path to your future.
----------
=>About Me:
I have always been passionate about helping people, and spiritual counselling & healing have become my tools for this, which I have found to be very powerful.

I have a diploma in Spiritual Counselling & I am a qualified Hahnemann healer & Concomitant practitioner, and over the last few years spent time regularly working as an IVP in the Youth Justice System. 

Whilst being gentle and supportive it can be direct and confronting, but always a sincere and honest approach to helping people. My aim is not for clients to stay in counselling, but to have learned, understood & moved forward in their life. It is about finding growth through an individual's life experience, and to find inner peace.

​As a trained Spiritual counsellor, my method of counselling is through the analysis of behaviour and its effect on the individual. By tracing the behaviour displayed by the client to its origins, I am able to work on the healing process from this initial cause to understanding how this has affected their life. A framework of values are used in assisting clients with finding clarity, truth and peace. Ultimately moving toward finding more love, joy and purpose in life.


----------

